Hello and welcome in this lecture we get to summarize what we have learned in the domain one which is
essential command and it's 25 percent off your exam.
Now keep in mind that you're not going to be question every single competencies that they have listed
in every single domain.
So but this is a good idea to cover all of that.
So that way if your question about that you'll be able to answer.
So we will learn how to log into local and remote graphical and textmode Cottle's we search for files
and evaluated and compared the basic file system we compared in many plated file content we used to
input output redirection we text using basic regular expressions.
The archive backup compress and packaged in uncompressed files we created deleted copy and move files
and directories we created and manage hard and soft links.
We have done listings setting and changing all the standard file permissions you have read and use system
documentation.
We have managed access to the root user which has basically switched user you do from regular users
or you do switch user and type in the root password and your root.
So this is it in the next section we get to start with domain 2.
And also I'm going to add some quizzes some assignments to go with your domain.
Want to make sure that we have everything that's covered.
Give you some practice to do hands on stuff the only way you're going to learn and be good at the task
is you install your own system and actually practice it because this is not memorization it's a performance
based test and you have to know what you're doing by doing it by hand.
OK.
So we'll see in the next section.